---
layout: post
title:  "Nicehash"
date:   2017-12-06 11:52:03 -0700
categories:
- server_hot_wallet_breach
link: http://archive.is/pWTbH
---
Nicehash was a cryptocurrency mining service and marketplace, allowing users to buy and sell their own mining power. While not necessarily a mining pool of its own, it still maintained a wallet for customer funds. Nicehash appears to have shuttered their website with a notice saying "a security breach involving NiceHash website" and "our payment system was compromised and the contents of the NiceHash Bitcoin wallet have been stolen".

A [Facebook livestream](https://www.facebook.com/NiceHash/videos/2013146182237851/) has further notes on the issue. This is hard to archive so I will transcribe useful points. Overall, this was lateral movement from a remote IP address, gaining access to a VPN, possibly through an employee computer, and moving laterally into production systems. This appeared to all have happened within a couple of hours, when the attacker decided to work actively.

1. "We became a target and someone really wanted to bring us down."
2. "We are cooperating with local and international law enforcement".
3. ~4700 BTC stolen on early morning 12-06-2017
4. Can't discuss everything due to investigation.
5. Hacker(s) were able to *infiltrate our internal systems through a compromised company computer*.
5. Unknown how company computer was compromised.
6. *VPN had visibility into abusive behavior*, IP address was outside of European Union.
7. "Made a crucial VPN login using *an engineer's credentials*"
8. After VPN login, *learned and simulated the workings of our payment system*.
9. Managed to steal funds from accounts (indicates that the *active attack timeline was only a couple hours*)

Shortly after the hack was made public, NiceHash head of marketing Andrej P. Škraba told Reuters that the hack was “a highly professional attack with sophisticated social engineering” and that about 4,700 bitcoin, worth about $63.92 million at current prices, were lost. With this insight, one could assume that the initial access was gained via spear phishing, and then combined with lateral movement or escalation of privledges to ultimately steal the bitcoin.

Update 1: In the aftermath, the CEO resigned and the company decided to return the stolen funds through a Repayment program. 71% of the old funds was already reimbursed by January 2019. Nicehash is still operating as of October 2019.

Update 2: In October of 2019, [news broke](https://www.coindesk.com/former-nicehash-cto-arrested-in-germany-over-us-hacking-charges) that the CTO of Nicehash was arrested for hacking-related crimes, though [the indictment](https://krebsonsecurity.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/10/newdarkodecharges.pdf) makes no mention of Nicehash..

>  Matjaz Skorjanec is wanted in the U.S. for founding and running the cybercrime forum Darkode from 2008 to 2013, as well as for the creation and deployment of one of the largest botnets ever, Mariposa.

