---
layout: post
title:  "Youbit"
date:   2017-12-19 11:52:03 -0700
categories:
- server_hot_wallet_breach
link: https://themerkle.com/youbit-hacked-again-closes-its-doors/
---

Youbit was hacked on December 19th at 4:35 am. They had [previously been breached earlier in the year](https://themerkle.com/north-korean-hackers-attacked-south-korean-exchanges-nis-claims/), with South Korean officials indicating North Korean involvement.  Their hot wallet containing 17% of their assets, was breached and stolen, indicating that cold storage was useful. Assuming server breach of some kind.

> After the accident in April, we have done our best to improve the security, recruitment and system maintenance, and
have managed to lower the hot wallet rate.
>
> Then, at 4:35 am, we lost our coin purse due to our hacking.
>
> 1. The coin loss at 4:35 am is about 17% of total assets. The other coins were kept in the cold wallet and there were no additional > losses.
>
> 2. Loss ratio is low compared to last April, but the management of Yaffian Co. , Ltd. is going to proceed with the process of stopping the transaction, stopping deposit and withdrawal, and bankruptcy on December 19, 2013 ,
>
> 3. Accordingly, all coins and cash withdrawals and withdrawals will be suspended at 12:00 pm on December 19, 2017.
>
> 4. Due to bankruptcy, the settlement of cash and coins will be carried out in accordance with all bankruptcy procedures.
>
> 5. However, in order to minimize the damage to our members, we will arrange for the withdrawal of approximately 75% of the balance at > 4:00 am on December 19, The rest of the unpaid portion will be paid after the final settlement is completed.
>
> 6. We will do our best to minimize the loss of our members by 17% , through various methods such as cyber comprehensive insurance (3 > billion) and selling the operating rights of the company.
> 7. After the announcement date, your assets will be adjusted to 75% at 4:00 pm on December 19 , 2017. Cash and coins deposited after 4:00 pm will be 100% refunded.
